.TH L7VSADM 8 "26 Jul 2013" "UltraMonkey-L7"
.SH NAME
.B l7vsadm
\- UltraMonkey-L7 administration tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B l7vsadm
\-A \-t \fIservice\-address\fR:\fIserivice\-port\fR \-m \fIproto\-module\fR [\fImodule\-args\fR] [\-s \fIscheduler\fR] [\-u \fIconnection\-count\fR] [\-b \fIsorry\-server\fR] [\-\-masq|tproxy] [\-f \fIsorry\-flag\fR] [\-Q \fIQoSval\-up\fR] [\-q \fIQoSval\-down\fR] [\-z \fIssl\-config\-file\fR] [\-O \fIsocket\-option\fR] [\-L \fIaccess\-log\-flag\fR] [\-a \fIaccess\-log\-file\fR [\fIlogrotate-args\fR]] [\-\-session\-thread\-pool\-size]

.B l7vsadm
\-E \-t \fIservice\-address\fR:\fIserivice\-port\fR \-m \fIproto\-module\fR [\fImodule\-args\fR] [\-s \fIscheduler\fR] [\-u \fIconnection\-count\fR] [\-b \fIsorry\-server\fR] [\-\-masq|tproxy] [\-f \fIsorry\-flag\fR] [\-Q \fIQoSval\-up\fR] [\-q \fIQoSval\-down\fR] [\-L \fIaccess\-log\-flag\fR]

.B l7vsadm
\-D \-t \fIservice\-address\fR:\fIserivice\-port\fR  \-m \fIproto\-module\fR [\fImodule\-args\fR]

.B l7vsadm
\-C

.B l7vsadm
[\-a | \-e] -t \fIservice\-address\fR:\fIserivice\-port\fR  \-m \fIproto\-module\fR [\fImodule\-args\fR] \-r \fIserver\-address\fR:\fIserver\-port\fR  [\-w \fIweight\fR] [\-\-masq|tproxy]

.B l7vsadm
\-d \-t \fIservice\-address\fR:\fIserivice\-port\fR  \-m \fIproto\-module\fR [\fImodule\-args\fR] \-r \fIserver\-address\fR:\fIserver\-port\fR 

.B l7vsadm
\-R [\-s \fIreplication\-switch\fR | \-f | \-d]

.B l7vsadm
\-L \-c \fIlog\-category\fR \-l \fIlog\-level\fR

.B l7vsadm
\-S [\-f \fIsnmp\-flag\fR] [\-i \fIupdate\-interval\fR] [\-t \fIlog\-trap\-flag\fR] [\-l \fIlog\-trap\-level\fR] | \-r [\-t \fIservice\-address\fR \-m \fIproto\-module\fR]

.B l7vsadm
\-P \-r \fIreload\-parameter\fR

.B l7vsadm
\-l [\-n]

.B l7vsadm
\-V [\-n]

.B l7vsadm
\-K [\-n]

.B l7vsadm
\-h

.SH DESCRIPTION
Control the virtual services, alternating logging levels and etc...

.TP
.B "\-A, \-\-add\-service"
Add the virtual service. Must be used with \-t and \-m arguments.

.TP
.B "\-E, \-\-edit\-service"
Edit the virtual service. Must be used with \-t and \-m arguments.

.TP
.B "\-D, \-\-delete\-service"
Delete the virtual service. Must be used with \-t and \-m arguments.

.TP
.B "\-C, \-\-flush"
Flush all virtual services.

.TP
.B "\-a, \-\-add\-server"
Add the real server to existing virtual service. 

.br 
# l7vsadm -A -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless
.br 
# l7vsadm -a -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless -r 192.168.0.100:80 

.TP
.B "\-e, \-\-edit\-server"
Edit the real server that registered to the existing virtual service.

.br
# l7vsadm -A -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless
.br
# l7vsadm -a -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless -r 192.168.9.100:80 -w 1
.br
# l7vsadm -e -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless -r 192.168.9.100:80 -w 0

.TP
.B "\-d, \-\-delete\-server"
Delete the real server that registered to the existing virtual service.

.br
# l7vsadm -A -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless
.br
# l7vsadm -a -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless -r 192.168.9.100:80
.br
# l7vsadm -d -t 192.168.0.1:80 -m sessionless -r 192.168.9.100:80


.TP
.B "\-R, \-\-replication"
Edit replication function. This option must be using with \fB\-L\fR or \fB\-P\fR option.

.TP
.B "\-L, \-\-log"
Edit logging level. Must be used with \fB\-c\fR option.

.TP
.B "\-S, \-\-snmp"
Control SNMP Agent-function.

.TP
.B "\-P, \-\-parameter"
Reload configuration file. Must be used with \fB\-r\fR option.

.TP
.B \-l, \-\-list
List the registered virtual services.

.TP
.B \-K \-\-key
List the registered virtual services with keywords.

.TP
.B \-V, \-\-verbose
List the registered virtual services, keywords and settings.


.TP
.B \-h \-\-help
Show help messages.


.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.B "\-t, \-\-tcp\-service \fIservice\-address\fR"
Create the TCP service. 

.br
\fIservice\-address\fR := { IPv4ADDR | HOSTNAME }:{PORTNUM | SERVICENAME }


.TP
.B "\-m, \-\-proto\-module \fIproto\-module\fR \fI[module\-args]\fR"
Specify the protocol module.

.br
\fIproto\-module\fR := { url | sslid | sessionless | pfilter | ip }

.br 
\fImodule\-args\fR := see the operation manual.

.TP
.B "\-s, \-\-scheduler \fIscheduler\fR"
Specify the scheduler module.

.br
\fIscheduler\fR := { rr | lc | wrr }

.TP
.B "\-u, \-\-upper \fIconnection\-count\fR"
Set up maximum connection limit.

.br
\fIconnection\-count\fR := { 0 - 100000 }

.TP
.B "\-b, \-\-bypass \fIsorry\-server\fR"
Set up sorry server.

.br
\fIsorry\-server\fR := { IPv4ADDR | HOSTNAME }:{PORTNUM | SERVICENAME }

.TP
.B "\-\-tproxy"
Set sorry server connection to IP transparent mode.

.TP
.B "\-\-masq"
Set sorry server connection to IP masquerade mode.

.TP
.B "\-f, \-\-flag \fIsorry\-flag\fR"
Switch sorry server flag. When \fBsorry\-flag\fR is 0, switched off.

.br
\fIsorry\-flag\fR := { 0 | 1 }

.TP
.B "\-Q, \-\-qos\-up \fIQoSVal\-up\fR"
Set QoS(client->realserver) limit.

.TP
.B "\-q, \-\-qos\-down \fIQoSVal\-down\fR"
Set QoS(realserver->client) limit.

.TP
.B "\-\-session\-thread\-pool\-size"
Set session_thread_pool_size.

.TP
.B "\-z, \-\-ssl \fISSL\-config\-file\fR"
Set path to SSL configuration file(Use SSL).

.TP
.B "\-O, \-\-sockopt \fIsocket\-option\fR"
deferaccept,nodelay,cork,quickackon or quickackoff set to socket.

.br
\fIsocket\-option\fR := see the operation manual.

.TP
.B "\-L, \-\-access\-log \fIaccess\-log\-flag\fR"
Switch access log mode. When \fIaccess\-log\-flag\fR is 1 output log.

.br
\fIaccess\-log\-flag\fR := { 0(none) | 1(output) }

.TP
.B "\-a, \-\-access\-log\-name \fIaccess\-log\-file\fR \fI[logrotate\-args]\fR"
Set access\-log file name.

.br
\fIaccess\-log\-file\fR := /path/to/access\-log\-file

.br
\fIlogrotate\-args\fR := see the operation manual.

.TP
.B "\-r, \-\-real\-server \fIserver\-address\fR"
Specify the real server.

.br
\fIreal\-server\fR := { IPv4ADDR | HOSTNAME }:{PORTNUM | SERVICENAME }

.TP
.B "\-w, \-\-weight \fIweight\fR"
Set up weight value.

.TP
.B "\-\-tproxy"
Set real server connection to IP transparent mode.

.TP
.B "\-\-masq"
Set real server connection to IP masquerade mode.

.TP
.B "\-s, \-\-switch \fIreplication\-switch\fR"
Switch replication system.

.br
\fIreplication\-switch\fR := { start | stop }


.TP
.B "\-f, \-\-force"
Run force replication.

.TP
.B "\-d, \-\-dump"
Dump replication data area.

.TP
.B "\-c, \-\-category \fIlog\-category\fR"
Specify target log category.

.br
\fIlog\-category\fR := { l7vsd_network | l7vsd_network.bandwidth | l7vsd_network.num_connection | l7vsd_network.qos | l7vsd_virtual_service | l7vsd_real_server | l7vsd_real_server.balancing | l7vsd_sorry_server | l7vsd_replication | l7vsd_start_stop | l7vsd_system | l7vsd_system.memory | l7vsd_system.socket | l7vsd_system.signal | l7vsd_environment | l7vsd_environment.parameter | l7vsd_logger | l7vsd_parameter | l7vsd_event | l7vsd_schedule | l7vsd_program | l7vsd_protocol | l7vsd_module | all }

.TP
.B -l, \-\-level \fIlevel\fR
Specify logging level.

.br
\fIlevel\fR := { fatal | error | warn | info | debug }

.TP
.B "\-r, \-\-reload \fIreload\-parameter\fR"

Reload configuration file.

.br
\fIreload\-parameter\fR := { all | replication | logger }

.TP
.B "\-n, \-\-numeric"
Don't resolve hostname and service name when listing the virtual services and real server.

.TP
.B "\-f, \-\-flag \fIsnmp\-flag\fR"
Start or stop snmp function.

.br
\fIsnmp\-flag\fR := { 0(off) | 1(on) }

.TP
.B "\-i, \-\-interval \fIupdate\-interval\fR"
Set collect snmp cache collect interval(s).

.TP
.B "\-t, \-\-logtrap \fIlog\-trap\-flag\fR"
Start or stop log trap function.

.br
\fIlog\-trap\-flag\fR := { 0(off) | 1(on) }

.TP
.B "\-l, \-\-logtraplevel \fIlog\-trap\-level\fR"
Set log trap level for snmp.

.br
\fIlog\-trap\-level\fR := { 0(off) | 1(on) }

.TP
.B "\-r, \-\-refresh"
Clear statistic info for snmp.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR l7vsd (8)

.SH AUTHOR
UltraMonkey-L7 Project team <ultramonkey-l7-users@lists.sourceforge.jp>
